it is the second death
we leave like this with the images of the
tragedy in Colombia - 40 people have
lost his life in the middle of a
avalanche product of the overflow of
a river in the department of antioquia
northwest of the country the municipality of
to leave dawned under the mud
the current washed away everything in its path
in the early hours of this Monday the
authorities still do not deliver a figure of
missing officer the area is
totally collapsed there is no electricity
and the gas service is suspended that
it's a thing that does not have no name
and that 's me I think that's it I was shaking
the earth bad
this is the story of raúl gonzález one
of the people of the corregimiento la
margarita municipality of salgar in
antioquia that practically remained
erased from the map after a
avalanche will do so under the logo in the
early this Monday the images are
impressive houses completely
devastated
visions of villagers trying to
save what little force did not take
of nature I told the woman
mine now we do and wait and hand
of my god that I do not put it in the house to
see if it does not save the pain however
it is evident before the appointment of
missing yet undetermined and the
difficulties in communicating with their
relatives
the villagers only think about sending a
message to the whole family is fine but
that's a lot of honor for all the people
in the face of disaster the demand is only
we make a call to all entities
of government relief aid for
that help us in our municipalities
with blankets humanitarian aid and everything
what the national government and
departmental can help us today that
our municipality is in mourning
unfortunately via twitter the
president juan manuel santos replied
to the call and assured that the services
of emergency are willing to attend
to the victims a tragedy that according to
the authorities was provoked by a
sudden increase of the broken libor
jana